Add user_questions to front matter (#600)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/cluster-upgrades/_index.md

date: 2020-09-24
weight: 30
layout: "subsection"
user_questions:
  - How do cluster upgrades work?
  - How can I prepare my workloads to tolerate a cluster upgrade?

>   - What's the meaning of a major, minor and patch release?

Author: ```suggestion
  - What is a major release?
  - What is a minor release?
  - What is a patch release?
```

> ---

Reviewer: What is a major release?
What is a minor release?
What is a patch release?
